README.md, before:

# Riddles in the Dark

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/doctrine/orm.svg)

## https://ethyl2.github.io/riddles/

---

My company recently had a retreat, and one of the highlights was playing a game where we wandered around a house in the dark, looking for riddles hidden in the various rooms. I thought it would be fun to try recreating a bit of that experience with a web app.

I would love your contributions.
Please clone this repo and either add more riddles (easy peasy), or even more features (if you have a little more time).
Then submit a pull request.

## Future Feature Possibilities

1. A timer, to see how fast a user can find the riddle and solve it.
2. Additional choices of images for the rooms and the masks.
3. Social sharing links.
4. Add a form to submit riddle suggestions.
5. Sound effects, with a toggle for audio permission.
6. More info in the footer.
7. Possibly other pages with different Halloween-related games or other content.
8. What else sounds interesting?

---

## Contributors

| [Heather Nuffer](https://github.com/ethyl2)                                                                                       |                                            [Ankeeta Ahire](https://github.com/ankeeta-ahire)                                             |                                            [Jan Holmberg](https://github.com/FarbrorGarbo)                                             |                                                                                          [Prachie Goje](https:/github.com/prachie6157) | [Paul Nuffer](https:/github.com/PaulNuffer)                                                                                      | [Chaitanya Chawla](https://github.com/chaitanya1-coder)                                                                                     |     |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- |
| [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6438167?v=4" width = "100" alt="Heather Nuffer" />](https://github.com/ethyl2) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/89206910?v=4" width = "100" alt="Ankeeta Ahire" />](https://github.com/ankeeta-ahire) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/19526572?v=4" width = "100" alt="Jan Holmberg" />](https://github.com/FarbrorGarbo) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/71593659?v=4" width = "100" alt="JPrachie Goje" />](https://github.com/prachie6157) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/78831963?v=4" width="100" alt="Paul Nuffer"/>](https://github.com/PaulNuffer) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/61946155?v=4" width="100" alt="Chaitanya Chawla"/>](https://github.com/chaitanya1-coder) |

Commit message:

Adds audio permission toggle, beginning sounds, puts styles in their own file, fixes 'get another riddle' sound

README.md, after:

# Riddles in the Dark

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/doctrine/orm.svg)

## https://ethyl2.github.io/riddles/

---

My company recently had a retreat, and one of the highlights was playing a game where we wandered around a house in the dark, looking for riddles hidden in the various rooms. I thought it would be fun to try recreating a bit of that experience with a web app.

I would love your contributions.
Please clone this repo and either add more riddles (easy peasy), or even more features (if you have a little more time).
Then submit a pull request.

## Future Feature Possibilities

1. A timer, to see how fast a user can find the riddle and solve it.
2. Additional choices of images for the rooms and the masks.
3. Social sharing links and more meta info in head.
4. Add a form to submit riddle suggestions.
5. More sound effect options.
6. More info in the footer.
7. Possibly other pages with different Halloween-related games or other content.
8. What else sounds interesting?

---

## Contributors

| [Heather Nuffer](https://github.com/ethyl2)                                                                                       |                                            [Ankeeta Ahire](https://github.com/ankeeta-ahire)                                             |                                            [Jan Holmberg](https://github.com/FarbrorGarbo)                                             |                                                                                          [Prachie Goje](https:/github.com/prachie6157) | [Paul Nuffer](https:/github.com/PaulNuffer)                                                                                      | [Chaitanya Chawla](https://github.com/chaitanya1-coder)                                                                                     |     |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- |
| [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6438167?v=4" width = "100" alt="Heather Nuffer" />](https://github.com/ethyl2) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/89206910?v=4" width = "100" alt="Ankeeta Ahire" />](https://github.com/ankeeta-ahire) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/19526572?v=4" width = "100" alt="Jan Holmberg" />](https://github.com/FarbrorGarbo) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/71593659?v=4" width = "100" alt="JPrachie Goje" />](https://github.com/prachie6157) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/78831963?v=4" width="100" alt="Paul Nuffer"/>](https://github.com/PaulNuffer) | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/61946155?v=4" width="100" alt="Chaitanya Chawla"/>](https://github.com/chaitanya1-coder) |
